Good day to you Davydova Elena author
site in the free creation space
today we will talk about this topic
who cares so many let's call her
life mission and how to perform enter
its purpose
I'll start with the positive immediately immediately again
the fact that
life mission is every person
who incarnate on planet earth every
of us came with his task with his
life mission therefore there are no such people
whose life mission is not joyful
event what is life
mission unites life mission
virtually all the people on planet earth
the fact that life is mission first
aimed at the evolution of the development
on the improvement of what is
improving the quality of life
harmonization of the internal state
so the task of virtually everyone
human is an improvement in balancing
harmonization of what we already have
the awakening of what we already have
accordingly the second fact about which
let's talk exactly bright
it is a scale man performing his
life month or then when he is spiritually
passed a certain way this what is it
then it is a powerful inner work is
elaboration of their limiting
beliefs
programs this work including with
its this this long such a powerful road
happens up children for example which
embodied on the planet earth
but they have already very bright their mission sounds
already vividly manifested but most
people still mission manifests itself brightly
when they start to develop when they
begin to go on the path of spiritual growth on
ways of knowing oneself and revealing one's
abilities
but the most important thing is that life
mission is and globally
unites in that it is aimed at
service
that is, to help other people on
improvement and it can be
completely in different spheres someone
directed came here to this incarnation u
someone's technical development task
progress and he develops helping people
those technical skills that are open
improve improve people's lives
due to technical progress someone
came into this life for example for
to assist in spiritual development in
expansion of consciousness someone came to this
life in this world in this embodiment
in order to carry beauty not
necessarily vital mission can be
such a global scale to sound or
change the world like sometimes life on a mission
it may be that you go out
on the street you have a smile you smile
not only your eyes not only your eyes
shines and sparkles smile with all your
your heart is your state of harmony
inner joy and and adds
passing people around doesn't look at
for you you become an example of that
that they, too, want to experience it
being in that capacity
as you and you awaken at this moment
they desire to change
it can be your doing too
missions
very bright so homework in
the eve of the new cycle
workshops that will be dedicated
spiritual development abundance home
tasks will be next think
feel and begin to perform like you
You can now improve life
others improve life on the planet
earth how can you apply ministry and
the most interesting thing is that when you are powerful
enter your life the place where you are it
perform when you start giving
surrounding energy abundance
the most powerful stream begins and type you
doing something in and others you open
huge way for yourself therefore this is nothing
such an important moment for others and
for you and with you it was Davydova Elena
site author in the free space
creations